Re-add next epoch lookahead for PTC duties (#592)
ethereum/beacon-APIs: validator-flow.md

### PTC Attesting

> On start of every epoch beginning with the Gloas fork, validator should [fetch PTC duties](#/Validator/getPtcDuties) for epoch + 1.

Author: ```suggestion
On start of every epoch beginning with the Gloas fork, validator should [fetch PTC duties](#/Validator/getPtcDuties) for the current and next epoch.
```
